Aiqing thinks
Assassinating the Crown Prince on the spot is a trivial matter
There must be a misunderstanding, everyone knows
Because from a young age, benevolence and charity have
How could you do such a ridiculous thing?
Aiqing thinks that this prince is blind and wrong
It is very possible to read it wrong in the dark of the night
The daughter of martial arts in the palace is gone
Abolition of the consumption of Inhumans once believed
The children of the disciples do this with anger
bold and grumpy
It must be done immediately to avoid back management
What do you think of that hot summer?
Xiao Fei is indeed very likely to be the assassin
All the ladies see it this way
Then take out the certificate
Let Your Highness take a good look
Ledt
Is the evidence
32 officials in the court, Lian Yunshang said, and we all agreed
criminal matter
Disciple Daben will not consume
His Highness must deal with consumption
Go and release Concubine Yuan in person
Apologize to Concubine Yan
Don't buy or sell the sincerity of the ministers
Please deal with the concubine
Apologize to Concubine Yan
A name can be used as evidence
Should His Highness not talk about the names of all officials?
Is the name of the prince more important than the official?
That's the sinner.
Our store ordered him to cooperate with the enemy inside and out
intent to rebel
In the name of this prince
Lose to Aiqing
Can be meaningful
Don't you just quit?
He was protecting me
Ouch, my school uniform is so hot and hard